PN_GAN/README.md, before:

# PN_GAN
In current version, we release the codes of PN-GAN and re-id testing . The other parts of our project will be released later.

How to run it:

GAN:</br>
&ensp;&ensp;(1) run 'GAN/train.py' to train the GAN model. The model and log file will be saved in folder 'GAN/model' and 'GAN/log' respectively. The validate images will be synthesized in 'GAN/images';

&ensp; or (2) run 'GAN/evaluate.py' to generate images for specific testing image. The output will be saved in folder 'GAN/test'

Person re-id:</br>
&ensp;&ensp;(1) run 'viper_feature.py' to extract features of probe and gallery, the features will be saved in folder '../feature/';

&ensp;&ensp;(2) run 'CMC_viper.py' to compute cmc scores with python code, it will output three kinds of results: </br>
&ensp;&ensp;&ensp;&ensp;&ensp;&ensp;  - avg: 8 pose features are fused by average operation </br>
&ensp;&ensp;&ensp;&ensp;&ensp;&ensp;  - max: 8 pose features are fused by maximum operation </br>
&ensp;&ensp;&ensp;&ensp;&ensp;&ensp;  - concat: 8 pose features are fused by concatenation operation 

&ensp;&ensp;(3) (optional) run 'Market-1501_baseline/zzd_evaluation_res_faster.m' to compute cmc scores with matlab code. You can modify the code in line 93 to obtain different result of each metric learning (e.g. 'dist_avg.mat', 'dist_max.mat', or 'dist_concat.mat'). It should get the same results with step 2.

	  
	 	 
#Acknowledgment:

&ensp;&ensp;The testing codes are modified from Tong Xiao's code, and also refer to Zhedong Zheng's codes.

Commit message:

Update README.md to include info about clustering

PN_GAN/README.md, after:

# PN_GAN
We have codes for GAN training and clustering the pose images into 8 clusters to get 8 cannonical pose images here.

# Clustering
Using OpenPose library, we extracted pose images with 18 pose points for every image in the training dataset of Market1501. We then obtained a set of 8 cannonical poses which are representative of the typical viewpoint and body-configurations exhibited by people. 
We used VGG-19 pre-trained on the ImageNet ILSVRC-2012 dataset to extract the features of each pose images, and K-means algorithm
is used to cluster the training pose images into canonical poses. For feature extraction, we used features extracted at the 10th layer of VGG-19 which are of dimension (256,32,16). The images closest to each cluster center are taken as the cannonical pose images.

How to run it:

&ensp;&ensp;(1) run 'clustering/clustering.py' to obtain the cannonical pose images, and these images will be saved in ./cannonical_poses folder. The clustering/clustering.py expects to have all the pose images on training data set in the directory poses/;

# GAN

How to run it:

&ensp;&ensp;(1) run 'GAN/train.py' to train the GAN model. The model and log file will be saved in folder 'GAN/model' and 'GAN/log' respectively. The validate images will be synthesized in 'GAN/images';

&ensp; or (2) run 'GAN/evaluate.py' to generate images for specific testing image. The output will be saved in folder 'GAN/test'
