README.md, before:

# Person-Re-Identification
Project for the AI Class (CSCE 625 Fall 2018)

# Baseline used 
https://github.com/KaiyangZhou/deep-person-reid

# Pose-Normalization
https://github.com/naiq/PN_GAN.git

Paper Link : http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_ECCV_2018/papers/Xuelin_Qian_Pose-Normalized_Image_Generation_ECCV_2018_paper.pdf

# Random Erasing Data Augmentation
https://github.com/zhunzhong07/Random-Erasing

Paper Link : https://arxiv.org/abs/1708.04896

# Link to the trained model(only erasing)
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Gm7hpF3HoG2Xt0WV92Wi07U428BH8B1q

# Links to the feature mat files(according to market1501)
Query: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1StnqZt9MOqiyUYnf_RfhBGXHWQiFgLpz

Gallery: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1jeoQyxqtRW07M1Shbe4pt9Aw3e-m1icY

# GAN result
Output after 10th epoch <br>
![Result after 10 epochs](https://github.tamu.edu/aditya30394/Person-Re-Identification/blob/master/GAN_training_epoch_10.png)

Output after 12th epoch <br>
![Result after 12 epochs](https://github.tamu.edu/aditya30394/Person-Re-Identification/blob/master/GAN_training_epoch_12.png)

Commit message:

Updating README with pointers to the location of the feature files on testSet.

README.md, after:

# Person-Re-Identification
Project for the AI Class (CSCE 625 Fall 2018)

# Baseline used 
https://github.com/KaiyangZhou/deep-person-reid

# Pose-Normalization
https://github.com/naiq/PN_GAN.git

Paper Link : http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_ECCV_2018/papers/Xuelin_Qian_Pose-Normalized_Image_Generation_ECCV_2018_paper.pdf

# Random Erasing Data Augmentation
https://github.com/zhunzhong07/Random-Erasing

Paper Link : https://arxiv.org/abs/1708.04896

# Link to the trained model(only erasing)
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Gm7hpF3HoG2Xt0WV92Wi07U428BH8B1q

# Links to the feature mat files(according to market1501)
Query: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1StnqZt9MOqiyUYnf_RfhBGXHWQiFgLpz

Gallery: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1jeoQyxqtRW07M1Shbe4pt9Aw3e-m1icY
# Result feature .mat files
The extracted features on the test Set are in the folder Result_mat, where the three result set feature files (feature_test_query.mat and feature_test_gallery.mat) are in Result_1, Result_2, Result_3 respectively.

# GAN result
Output after 10th epoch <br>
![Result after 10 epochs](https://github.tamu.edu/aditya30394/Person-Re-Identification/blob/master/GAN_training_epoch_10.png)

Output after 12th epoch <br>
![Result after 12 epochs](https://github.tamu.edu/aditya30394/Person-Re-Identification/blob/master/GAN_training_epoch_12.png)
